'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1990 The Regents of the University of California.
'\" Copyright (c) 1994-1998 Sun Microsystems, Inc.
'\"
'\" See the file "license.terms" for information on usage and redistribution
'\" of this file, and for a DISCLAIMER OF ALL WARRANTIES.
'\" 
'\" RCS: @(#) $Id$
'\" 
'\" The definitions below are for supplemental macros used in Tcl/Tk
'\" manual entries.
'\"
'\" .AP type name in/out ?indent?
'\"	Start paragraph describing an argument to a library procedure.
'\"	type is type of argument (int, etc.), in/out is either "in", "out",
'\"	or "in/out" to describe whether procedure reads or modifies arg,
'\"	and indent is equivalent to second arg of .IP (shouldn't ever be
'\"	needed;  use .AS below instead)
'\"
'\" .AS ?type? ?name?
'\"	Give maximum sizes of arguments for setting tab stops.  Type and
'\"	name are examples of largest possible arguments that will be passed
'\"	to .AP later.  If args are omitted, default tab stops are used.
'\"
'\" .BS
'\"	Start box enclosure.  From here until next .BE, everything will be
'\"	enclosed in one large box.
'\"
'\" .BE
'\"	End of box enclosure.
'\"
'\" .CS
'\"	Begin code excerpt.
'\"
'\" .CE
'\"	End code excerpt.
'\"
'\" .VS ?version? ?br?
'\"	Begin vertical sidebar, for use in marking newly-changed parts
'\"	of man pages.  The first argument is ignored and used for recording
'\"	the version when the .VS was added, so that the sidebars can be
'\"	found and removed when they reach a certain age.  If another argument
'\"	is present, then a line break is forced before starting the sidebar.
'\"
'\" .VE
'\"	End of vertical sidebar.
'\"
'\" .DS
'\"	Begin an indented unfilled display.
'\"
'\" .DE
'\"	End of indented unfilled display.
'\"
'\" .SO
'\"	Start of list of standard options for a Tk widget.  The
'\"	options follow on successive lines, in four columns separated
'\"	by tabs.
'\"
'\" .SE
'\"	End of list of standard options for a Tk widget.
'\"
'\" .OP cmdName dbName dbClass
'\"	Start of description of a specific option.  cmdName gives the
'\"	option's name as specified in the class command, dbName gives
'\"	the option's name in the option database, and dbClass gives
'\"	the option's class in the option database.
'\"
'\" .UL arg1 arg2
'\"	Print arg1 underlined, then print arg2 normally.
'\"
'\" RCS: @(#) $Id$
'\"
'\"	# Set up traps and other miscellaneous stuff for Tcl/Tk man pages.
.if t .wh -1.3i ^B
.nr ^l \n(.l
.ad b
'\"	# Start an argument description
.de AP
.ie !"\\$4"" .TP \\$4
.el \{\
.   ie !"\\$2"" .TP \\n()Cu
.   el          .TP 15
.\}
.ta \\n()Au \\n()Bu
.ie !"\\$3"" \{\
\&\\$1	\\fI\\$2\\fP	(\\$3)
.\".b
.\}
.el \{\
.br
.ie !"\\$2"" \{\
\&\\$1	\\fI\\$2\\fP
.\}
.el \{\
\&\\fI\\$1\\fP
.\}
.\}
..
'\"	# define tabbing values for .AP
.de AS
.nr )A 10n
.if !"\\$1"" .nr )A \\w'\\$1'u+3n
.nr )B \\n()Au+15n
.\"
.if !"\\$2"" .nr )B \\w'\\$2'u+\\n()Au+3n
.nr )C \\n()Bu+\\w'(in/out)'u+2n
..
.AS Tcl_Interp Tcl_CreateInterp in/out
'\"	# BS - start boxed text
'\"	# ^y = starting y location
'\"	# ^b = 1
.de BS
.br
.mk ^y
.nr ^b 1u
.if n .nf
.if n .ti 0
.if n \l'\\n(.lu\(ul'
.if n .fi
..
'\"	# BE - end boxed text (draw box now)
.de BE
.nf
.ti 0
.mk ^t
.ie n \l'\\n(^lu\(ul'
.el \{\
.\"	Draw four-sided box normally, but don't draw top of
.\"	box if the box started on an earlier page.
.ie !\\n(^b-1 \{\
\h'-1.5n'\L'|\\n(^yu-1v'\l'\\n(^lu+3n\(ul'\L'\\n(^tu+1v-\\n(^yu'\l'|0u-1.5n\(ul'
.\}
.el \}\
\h'-1.5n'\L'|\\n(^yu-1v'\h'\\n(^lu+3n'\L'\\n(^tu+1v-\\n(^yu'\l'|0u-1.5n\(ul'
.\}
.\}
.fi
.br
.nr ^b 0
..
'\"	# VS - start vertical sidebar
'\"	# ^Y = starting y location
'\"	# ^v = 1 (for troff;  for nroff this doesn't matter)
.de VS
.if !"\\$2"" .br
.mk ^Y
.ie n 'mc \s12\(br\s0
.el .nr ^v 1u
..
'\"	# VE - end of vertical sidebar
.de VE
.ie n 'mc
.el \{\
.ev 2
.nf
.ti 0
.mk ^t
\h'|\\n(^lu+3n'\L'|\\n(^Yu-1v\(bv'\v'\\n(^tu+1v-\\n(^Yu'\h'-|\\n(^lu+3n'
.sp -1
.fi
.ev
.\}
.nr ^v 0
..
'\"	# Special macro to handle page bottom:  finish off current
'\"	# box/sidebar if in box/sidebar mode, then invoked standard
'\"	# page bottom macro.
.de ^B
.ev 2
'ti 0
'nf
.mk ^t
.if \\n(^b \{\
.\"	Draw three-sided box if this is the box's first page,
.\"	draw two sides but no top otherwise.
.ie !\\n(^b-1 \h'-1.5n'\L'|\\n(^yu-1v'\l'\\n(^lu+3n\(ul'\L'\\n(^tu+1v-\\n(^yu'\h'|0u'\c
.el \h'-1.5n'\L'|\\n(^yu-1v'\h'\\n(^lu+3n'\L'\\n(^tu+1v-\\n(^yu'\h'|0u'\c
.\}
.if \\n(^v \{\
.nr ^x \\n(^tu+1v-\\n(^Yu
\kx\h'-\\nxu'\h'|\\n(^lu+3n'\ky\L'-\\n(^xu'\v'\\n(^xu'\h'|0u'\c
.\}
.bp
'fi
.ev
.if \\n(^b \{\
.mk ^y
.nr ^b 2
.\}
.if \\n(^v \{\
.mk ^Y
.\}
..
'\"	# DS - begin display
.de DS
.RS
.nf
.sp
..
'\"	# DE - end display
.de DE
.fi
.RE
.sp
..
'\"	# SO - start of list of standard options
.de SO
.SH "STANDARD OPTIONS"
.LP
.nf
.ta 5.5c 11c
.ft B
..
'\"	# SE - end of list of standard options
.de SE
.fi
.ft R
.LP
See the \\fBoptions\\fR manual entry for details on the standard options.
..
'\"	# OP - start of full description for a single option
.de OP
.LP
.nf
.ta 4c
Command-Line Name:	\\fB\\$1\\fR
Database Name:	\\fB\\$2\\fR
Database Class:	\\fB\\$3\\fR
.fi
.IP
..
'\"	# CS - begin code excerpt
.de CS
.RS
.nf
.ta .25i .5i .75i 1i
..
'\"	# CE - end code excerpt
.de CE
.fi
.RE
..
.de UL
\\$1\l'|0\(ul'\\$2
..
.TH Tk_GetReliefFromObj 3 8.1 Tk "Tk Library Procedures"
.BS
.SH NAME
Tk_GetReliefFromObj, Tk_GetRelief, Tk_NameOfRelief \- translate between strings and relief values
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fB#include <tk.h>\fR
.sp
.VS 8.1
int
\fBTk_GetReliefFromObj(\fIinterp, objPtr, reliefPtr\fB)\fR
.VE
.sp
int
\fBTk_GetRelief(\fIinterp, name, reliefPtr\fB)\fR
.sp
CONST char *
\fBTk_NameOfRelief(\fIrelief\fB)\fR
.SH ARGUMENTS
.AS "Tcl_Interp" *reliefPtr
.AP Tcl_Interp *interp in
Interpreter to use for error reporting.
.VS 8.1 br
.AP Tcl_Obj *objPtr in/out
String value contains name of relief (one of \fBflat\fR, \fBgroove\fR,
\fBraised\fR, \fBridge\fR, \fBsolid\fR, or \fBsunken\fR);
internal rep will be modified to cache corresponding relief value.
.AP char *string in
Same as \fIobjPtr\fR except description of relief is passed as
a string.
.VE
.AP int *reliefPtr out
Pointer to location in which to store relief value corresponding to
\fIobjPtr\fR or \fIname\fR.
.AP "CONST char" *name
Name of the relief.
.AP int relief in
Relief value (one of TK_RELIEF_FLAT, TK_RELIEF_RAISED, TK_RELIEF_SUNKEN,
TK_RELIEF_GROOVE, TK_RELIEF_SOLID, or TK_RELIEF_RIDGE).
.BE

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.VS 8.1
\fBTk_GetReliefFromObj\fR places in \fI*reliefPtr\fR the relief value
corresponding to the value of \fIobjPtr\fR.  This value will be one of
TK_RELIEF_FLAT, TK_RELIEF_RAISED, TK_RELIEF_SUNKEN,
TK_RELIEF_GROOVE, TK_RELIEF_SOLID, or TK_RELIEF_RIDGE.
Under normal circumstances the return value is TCL_OK and
\fIinterp\fR is unused.
If \fIobjPtr\fR doesn't contain one of the valid relief names
or an abbreviation of one of them, then TCL_ERROR is returned,
\fI*reliefPtr\fR is unmodified, and an error message
is stored in \fIinterp\fR's result if \fIinterp\fR isn't NULL.
\fBTk_GetReliefFromObj\fR caches information about the return
value in \fIobjPtr\fR, which speeds up future calls to
\fBTk_GetReliefFromObj\fR with the same \fIobjPtr\fR.
.PP
\fBTk_GetRelief\fR is identical to \fBTk_GetReliefFromObj\fR except
that the description of the relief is specified with a string instead
of an object.  This prevents \fBTk_GetRelief\fR from caching the
return value, so \fBTk_GetRelief\fR is less efficient than
\fBTk_GetReliefFromObj\fR.
.VE
.PP
\fBTk_NameOfRelief\fR is the logical inverse of \fBTk_GetRelief\fR.
Given a relief value it returns the corresponding string (\fBflat\fR,
\fBraised\fR, \fBsunken\fR, \fBgroove\fR, \fBsolid\fR, or \fBridge\fR).
If \fIrelief\fR isn't a legal relief value, then ``unknown relief''
is returned.

.SH KEYWORDS
name, relief, string
